fix: rclone is bundled + guest users will be migrated (#1326)
owncloud/docs-server: modules/admin_manual/pages/maintenance/migrating_to_kiteworks.adoc

== Overview

> The migration works with an app to be installed on the ownCloud side. The app is provided by ownCloud as part of the guided migration. Please contact {oc-support-url}[ownCloud support] to get them. Both sides need to be fully configured and running, have a defined minimum release installed and are reachable from each other. If release requirements are not satisfied, you MUST upgrade first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The migration works with an app to be installed on the ownCloud side. The app is provided by ownCloud as part of the guided migration. Please contact {oc-support-url}[ownCloud support] to get it. Both sides need to be fully configured and running, have a defined minimum release installed and are reachable from each other. If release requirements are not satisfied, you MUST upgrade first.
```

As long they reference content from the users home.
* Share permissions. +
Will be translated into Kiteworks predefined roles.
* Guest users. +

> Will be translated into Kiteworks user profile `recipient`.

Author: not `recipient`but `restricted`

> Will be translated into Kiteworks user profile `recipient`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Will be translated into Kiteworks user profile `restricted`.
```

* As a major prerequisite, the ownCloud instance *must* be running on release 10.14 or higher. If this requirement is not met, migration can not be started as the necessary app checks the minimum version.

* Shell access is necessary. +
`occ` commands need to be started .

> * The ownCloud-provided migration component must be installed at the ownCloud instance. They are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ownCloud-provided migration component must be installed at the ownCloud instance. It is:
```

Since there is only one thing now, maybe a list with one item is not needed.

** the `migrate-to-kiteworks` app

// install rclone from github.com/oks-maytech/rclone/tree/kiteworks-backend
// install app from github.com/owncloud/migrate_to_kiteworks

* All users must have an email address and they must be unique. +

> The `occ migration:to-kiteworks:verify` step will point out missing email addresses. These must be rectified before any migration can start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `occ migrate:to-kiteworks:verify` step will point out missing email addresses. These must be rectified before any migration can start.
```
